Multiple axes vignette (#241)
earthlab/matplotcheck: CHANGELOG.rst

Unreleased
----------

> -  Add a vignette to demonstrate how to grade multi axes plots (@nkorinek, #116)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Add a vignette to demonstrate how to grade figures with multiple subplots (@nkorinek, #116)
```

> -  Add a vignette to demonstrate how to grade figures with multiple subplots (@nkorinek, #116)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Add a vignette to demonstrate how to test figures with multiple subplots (@nkorinek, #116)
```
